Add info about Xdebug container for Cloud Docker and update configuration instructions (#7321)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/docker/docker-development-debug.md

- Debug
---

> Xdebug is an extension for debugging your PHP. {{site.data.var.mcd-prod}} provides a separate container to handle Xdebug requests in the Docker environment.  Using this container allows you to enable and use Xdebug to debug in your Docker environment without affecting your {{site.data.var.ece}} project configuration.

Author: ```suggestion
Xdebug is an extension for debugging your PHP. {{site.data.var.mcd-prod}} provides a separate container to handle Xdebug requests in the Docker environment.  Use this container to enable Xdebug and debug PHP code in your Docker environment without affecting your {{site.data.var.ece}} project configuration.
```

> The following explains how to configure Xdebug and PhpStorm to debug in your local Docker environment.

Author: ```suggestion
The following instructions explain how to configure Xdebug and PhpStorm to debug in your local Docker environment.
```
